The All India Computer Society Students & Young Professional Congress (AICSSYC) organized by the IEEE Computer Society offers an exceptional opportunity for bright and enthusiastic minds to come together and exchange their knowledge and innovative ideas.

The event was first introduced by the IEEE Kerala Section in 2012 and has grown significantly since then, evolving into a vibrant platform that unites some of the most talented individuals in the field of computer science and engineering. This magnificent gathering will bring ambitious students, experienced professionals, innovative entrepreneurs, and accomplished industrialists from various domains, fostering extensive and fruitful networking opportunities.

The Congress encompasses technical, managerial, and entrepreneurial tracks, providing an outstanding platform for attendees to engage in technical seminars, hands-on project-building sessions, breakout sessions, panel discussions, workshops, and networking activities, complemented by captivating cultural performances. With its immersive and comprehensive experience, the Congress guarantees an unparalleled and unforgettable event for all participants.
Ginger, MG Road, kochi on OCT 20, 21 & 22

Nestled in the vibrant heart of Kochi, Kerala, Ginger Kochi MG Road, one the best hotel near Kochi Airport, offers unparalleled comfort and convenience at an attractive price. Designed for both work and play, this Lean Luxe hotel offers 73 well-appointed rooms, Qmin - our signature all-day diner, a state-of-the-art Fitness Centre, Swimming Pool and more to ensure a seamless stay.

 Ginger Kochi, MG Road also features a meeting room with a guest capacity of 25 people and a spacious banquet hall, adding to its versatility for various events and gatherings.

Strategically situated on Mahatma Gandhi Road walking distance from the Metro Station, the hotel is close to Kochi's major attractions, such as Ernakulam Shiva Temple, Rainbow Bridge, Marine Drive, Virgin Valley, Kochi Marina, Lulu Mall, Mattancherry Palace, Fort Kochi, Kumbalangi, Wonderla Amusement Park, and more.

AICSSYC'23
Official Page of All India Computer Society Student and Young Professional Congress '23 at Ginger kochi,MG road on october 20,21 and 22
https://www.instagram.com/aicssyc23/
#AICSSYC23 #IEEECSKS

speakers:
Karthi k, Secretary IEEE CS SYP MGAB
Eric Berkowitz, Director of Membership IEEE Computer Society
Melissa Russel,Executive Director, IEEE CS 2023 Executive Committee
Jyotika Athavale, 2024 CS President 2023 Executive Committee
Harsh Dattani, Product manager Google
Mr. Vivek Suresh,Associate Vice president Litmus7


Dr. SANTOSH KUMAR M B ,Associate Professor School of Engineering Cochin University of Science and Technology

Mr.Shivam abhilash, Engineering specialist , ZS Associates CHAIRPERSON, IEEE CS SYP MGAB


Phone : 7356138675
Email :chethana.raj@ieee.org
facebook https://www.facebook.com/IEEECSKS/
Twitter https://twitter.com/ieeecsks?lang=en
Social handle https://linktr.ee/AICSSYC_23?utm_source=linktree_admin_share
instagram https://www.instagram.com/ieeecsks/
Linkedin <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/ieeecsks/mycompany/


AICSSYC 22

All India Computer Society Student & Young Professional Congress organised by @ieee_computer_society at suncity resort,mandarmoni,17-19 december 2022
#AICSSYC22 https://www.instagram.com/aicssyc/

speakers:

Mr. Sandip Chakraborty, Associate Professor in IIT,Kharagpur
Mr. Shamik Guha,Co-Founder & CEO at Altor
Dr. Sarbani Roy,Professor in the Computer Science and Engineering Department at Jadavpur University
Mr. Saptarshi Ghosh, System Designs Engineer at Intel Corporation.
Dr. Pratyay Mukherjee, Senior Director of Research at SuperOracles
Mr. Arijit Hajra, Founder and CEO of Think Again Labs
Nita Patel, The President of IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY 2023
Mr. Mohamed Rawidean Mohd Kassim, Regional Coordinator for IEEE Computer Society Region 10
Mr. Shivam Abhilash, the Vice Chairperson of MGAB for Students and Young Professionals at IEEE Computer Society
Mr. Eric Berkowitz,THE GLOBAL DIRECTOR of Membership of the IEEE Computer section


AICSSYC 19

IEEE AICSSYC'19- 11-12-13th October Anand,Gujarat
https://www.instagram.com/ieeeaicssyc19/
#AICSSYC19
Chapter presentation was conducted on Day-3 where IEEE Student branches from different sections participated. Out of all the selected Student Branches, the winner Student Branch was being declared
A chocolaty morning was organized for all the delegates on Day-3 of AICSSYC'19. All the delegates were taken to the visit of Amul Chocolate Plan where the members of Amul Chocolate Plan guided regarding the process of chocolate making.
The Young Professional meetup activity took place in the form of question answers. On the panel the Young Professionals present were Vinod Sharma, John Benedict and Ankit Dave. The moderator of this session was Himanshu Singh from UP section. The questions that were asked were basically about why should a student continue as YP? What are the benefits or what types of events are taking place? Also there was a discussion regarding Fundings that are provided by IEEE. The questions were answered satisfactorily. This is how Young Professionals meetup took place
On the morning on Day-3, the Merwin Ambassador meetup took place. Each Richard E. Merwin Scholarship winner got this opportunity to meet with the other ambassadors and discuss the plans and activities to be executed.
After gaining knowledge from the sessions, it was now time to capture some moments. People from different places with different culture took upon the stage to show the diversity. Various performance took place showing culture of different states during the cultural night that was held at Neejanand Resort on Day-2.
On Day-2 of the Congress ,Young Professionals meetup and dinner was organized. Here is a glimpse for it
Focusing towards inspiring students in developing innovative apps, "IEEEmadC - IEEE Mobile Application Development Contest" takes place every year. And as a part of which, There was a competition on IEEEmadC App Idea Presentation at the stage of AICSSYC'19 where student members from across India have participated. It was really nice to see the enthusiaistic participants with their innovative ideas.
he first ever IEEE Student Ethics Competition sponsored by the IEEE Ethics and Member Conduct Committee (EMCC) conducted in the history of All India IEEE Computer Society Student & Young Professional Congress.
On Day1 of All India IEEE Computer Society Student & Young Professional Congress, Ms. Aathira Marayil, a Software Developer at Lulu Forex Private Limited delivered a session on "IEEEXtreme". She gave an insight into this massive global programming competition
On Day1, the super vibrant session was handled by Mr. Eric Berkowitz, Membership Director, IEEE CS wherein he opened doors to the large world of opportunities IEEE CS has in store for of us.
Stating the future of the Community, he extended his views on volunteering and dedicated professionals can add value to the community and explain about travel grant and scholarships provided by @ieee_computer_society
Society(@ieee_computer_society )offers $40,000 in student scholarships from $1,000 and up, to recognize and reward active student volunteer leaders in student branches or chapters who show promise in their academic and professional efforts. The Richard E. Merwin scholarship was created in honour of the late Richard E. Merwin, past president of the IEEE Computer Society, to recognize and reward student leadership

Another wonderful journey of All India IEEE Computer Society Student & Young Professional Congress started with the lighting of the lamp by the dignitaries on the dice : Er. Bhikhubhai Patel – Chairman of CVM, Mr. Eric Berkowitz – Membership Director, IEEE Computer Society, Dr. S. G. Patel – Secretary of CVM, Dr. Bhavesh Patel – Kulpati of CVM University, Mr. Deepak Mathur– Director, IEEE R10 Elect 2019, Dr. Hardik Pathak – Membership Chair, IEEE Gujarat Section, Mr. Fakhrul Hazman Yusoff – IEEE CS DVP Speaker, Dr. Vishal N. Singh – Incharge Principal of ADIT, Ms. Megha Ben – Vice Chair, IEEE CS MGAB for SYP Activities & Program Chair, AICSSYC’19, Dr. Sudhir Vegad – Chapter Advisor, IEEE Computer Society ADIT Student Branch Chapter. Dr. Vishal Singh addressed the audience followed by all dignitaries. Ms.Megha Ben, briefed on this edition of congress. Dr. Sudhir Vegad proposed the vote of thanks. Inauguration ceremony concluded with ADIT anthem followed by National anthem.

speakers:

Mr. John Benedict, South Asia Coordiantor of IEEE R10 YP 
Mr. Anand Parikh, Co-founder of Shira MedTech
Ms. Nikita Maheshwari, Co-founder – Tilebazzar.com and Tatkalorry
Dr. Hetal Patel, Branch Advisor of IEEE WIE affinity group, IEEE ADIT SB and HOD of Electronics and Communication Department at A. D. Patel Institute of Technology
Dr. M V Joshi, Professor at the Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology
Dr. Debajyoti Dhar, Group Director at SAC/ISRO
Dr. Mehul Raval, Professor at the Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University
Mr. Senthilkumar Murugesan - Cofounder of Jiovio Health care and predictive maternal care and Ex- engineer at QUALCOMM
Mr. Siddharth Rajhans - an Entrepreneur and a Silicon Valley Technocrat and product expert, Management Researcher, TEDx and Motivational Speaker
Mr. Jay Merja, founder of MUVR Technology Private Ltd. (One of Gujarat's leading logistics solutions providing company)
Mr. Fakhrul Hazman Yusoff, IEEE CS DVP Speaker from Malaysia
Mr. Deepak Bhatt, currently managing communication at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA)





